CHNL-12941: Add badge count instructions to README (#247)
klaviyo/klaviyo-swift-sdk: README.md

Once you have these three things, you can then use the push notifications tester and send a local push notification to make sure that everything was set up correctly.

#### Badge Count

> >  ℹ️ Incrementing badge count support is available in SDK version [4.1.0](https://github.com/klaviyo/klaviyo-swift-sdk/releases/tag/4.1.0) and higher

Reviewer: To ensure people don't think they can set badge counts in earlier versions, should we say "Setting or incrementing the badge count is available..."

Once you have these three things, you can then use the push notifications tester and send a local push notification to make sure that everything was set up correctly.

#### Badge Count

> >  ℹ️ Incrementing are supported in SDK version [4.1.0](https://github.com/klaviyo/klaviyo-swift-sdk/releases/tag/4.1.0) and higher

Reviewer 2: could be a bitt more consistent with the sandbox support copy below:
```
ℹ️ Sandbox support is available in SDK version 2.2.0 and higher
```
```suggestion
>  ℹ️ Incrementing badge count support is available in SDK version [4.1.0](https://github.com/klaviyo/klaviyo-swift-sdk/releases/tag/4.1.0) and higher
```

Reviewer 2: also, in the sandbox copy, can link the release tag like you have here

Author: thanks for catching, accidental deletion when taking from copilot
